# â± Time Tracker
Time Tracker application made with React

- - - -
Check out the live build version at:

https://carlos-quintana.github.io/time-tracker/
- - - -

## Table of Contents
1. [Introduction](#introduction)
2. [Description](#description)
3. [Features](#features-checklist)
4. [Instructions](#instructions)
5. [Showcase](#showcase)
6. [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
7. [Contact](#get-in-touch)

## Introduction

This repository holds a SPA made with React, to be showcased in my portfolio (and my own personal use).

Time tracking applications can help individuals or teams understand how they are using their time throughout the day, and identify where they are spending too much time or not enough time. By identifying areas of improvement, we can become more productive and accomplish more in less time.

By tracking their time, people can also better understand how they are spending their day and identify areas where they may be able to carve out more time for personal activities or hobbies. This can help promote a better work-life balance and reduce burnout.

With this single page application you will be able to track your time and improve your productivity by focusing on the tasks with the highest impact.

## Description

You can start a timer and leave it running in the background, then come back and stop it when you've finished your task. You can add the timestamps manually as well. (The timer mechanism does not rely on intervals).

See your work history organized in chronological order, every part of the display is interactive and editable to provide the best user experience.

Group your tasks into projects, so you can be more organized and gain insight analyzing the data in different graphs that summarize all the time you've spent on said projects.


### Features checklist


**MVP:**
- [X] Working Timer component using timestamps and local storage.
- [X] A component for inputting intervals manually.
- [X] A row component that displays a Task and allows editing.
- [X] Editable components in place for the best UX.
- [X] Tasks are assigned to projects.
- [X] Projects CRUD.
- [X] Custom dropdown component for assigning Projects.
- [X] Tasks are ordered chronologically and separated by milestones (Today, Yesterday, This week, etc).
- [ ] Implement modals and tooltips.
- - - -
- [ ] Switch from CRA to Vite and JS to TS.
- [ ] Expand on projects features.
  - [ ] Implement React Router.
  - [ ] Separate view for Projects CRUD.
  - [ ] Expand on Projects information.
- [ ] Data analysis.
  - [ ] Separate view for data analysis.
  - [ ] Implement graphs and charts.
- [ ] Implement a state management library (maybe Redux).

## Instructions

>*The following text was mostly generated by Create React App*

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

### Available Scripts
In the project directory, you can run:

#### `npm start`
Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open http://localhost:3000 to view it in your browser.

#### `npm test`
Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\

#### `npm run build`
Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.


## Showcase

*TO DO*

Check out the live build version at:

https://carlos-quintana.github.io/time-tracker/

## Technologies Used

- React
- JavaScript
- SASS
- JSDoc
- React Popper

## Get in touch

Let's get in touch through:

[ðŸ’¼ LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/carlos-quintana-dev)

*Last update: April of 2023*
